Urbanicity (Village): People living in villages are less likely to choose domestic issues as important issues compared to those in urban areas.
Urbanicity (Village): Individuals from villages are more likely to choose political violence as important issues compared to urban residents.
Urbanicity (Village): People living in villages are less likely to choosing domestic issues as important issues.

Gender (Male): Men are more likely to choose political violence as important issues than women.

Age: Older individuals are more likely to of choosing political violence as important issues.

Education: Higher levels of education are associated with an increased likelihood of choosing domestic issues as important issues.
Education: Higher educational level increases the likelihood of choosing political violence as important issues.
Education: Higher educational level increases the likelihood of choosing domestic issues as important issues.

Income: Higher income levels increase the likelihood of choosing domestic issues as important issues.
Income: Higher income levels increase the likelihood of choosing domestic issues as important issues.
Income: Higher income levels reduce the likelihood of choosing political violence as important issues.

Facebook Use: Increased Facebook use is associated with a higher likelihood of choosing political violence as important issues.
Facebook Use: Increased Facebook use is associated with a higher likelihood of choosing economic issues as important issues.
Facebook Use: Increased Facebook use is associated with a lower likelihood of choosing domestic issues as important issues.

Instagram Use: Increased Instagram use is associated with a lower likelihood of of choosing political violence as important issues.
Instagram Use: Increased Instagram use is associated with a higher likelihood of choosing domestic issues as important issues.

VPN Use: There is no significant association between VPN use and choosing economic issues as important issues.
Combined VPN and Facebook Use: VPN use does not significantly affect choosing economic issues as important issues, but Facebook use increases this likelihood when the VPN variable is controlled.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There is no significant relationship between the level of trust in the central government and choosing domestic issues as important issues.

Those who agree more that their system of government is capable of solving problems are more likely to choose domestic issues as an important issue.


Those who agree more that their system of government is capable of solving problems are less likely to choose political violence as an important issue.

Those who agree more that their system of government is capable of solving problems are more likely to choose economic issues as an important issue.

Those who agree more that they are proud of their system of government are more likely to choose domestic issues as an important issue.


Those who agree more that they are proud of their system of government are more likely to choose economic issues as an important issue.


Those who agree more that their system of government deserves support, even if it runs into problems, are more likely to choose economic issues as an important issue.


Those who agree more that they would rather live under their current system of government than any other are more likely to choose economic issues as an important issue.






